README.md, before:

[![Build](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/actions)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/actions)

# lcc-slack-bot - _Les Cast Codeurs podcast_ bot

A slack bot that automates show notes creation for _Les Cast Codeurs podcast_.

## Use it !

This bot is using the [Socket Mode](https://api.slack.com/apis/connections/socket) and can be set up
without much hassle.

First you need to create a [Slack app](https://api.slack.com/start) and install it in your workspace :

1. go to [https://api.slack.com/apps](https://api.slack.com/apps),
2. create a new Slack app using this [manifest.yml](/src/main/slack/manifest.yml),
3. optionally set an app icon in _Settings > Basic Information_,
4. create an _app-level token_ with the scope `connections:write` in _Settings > Basic Information_ and save it for
   later (it will be referred as `SLACK_APP_TOKEN`),
5. install the app using the _Install to worspace_ button in _Settings > Basic Information_,
6. save the _Bot User OAuth Token_ for later in _Features > OAuth & Permissions_ (it will be referred
   as `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN`).

You can then start the bot using the following commands (from the project directory) :

```shell
quarkus build

export SLACK_APP_TOKEN='xapp-XXX'
export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN='xoxb-XXX'
java -jar build/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar
```

Once the bot is started, you can mention it in your messages : `@lcc Help me please !`.

Commit message:

Publish show notes to a GitHub repository
Unfortunately it is not possible to publish notes to a GitHub wiki through the GitHub API although wikis are git repositories (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2402413/update-a-github-project-wiki-through-the-github-api). For the record, I tried to suffixing the repo name in the API URL with '.wiki' and '.wiki.git' but it did not work.

README.md, after:

[![Build](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/workflows/Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/actions)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/workflows/CodeQL/badge.svg)](https://github.com/lescastcodeurs/lcc-slack-bot/actions)

# lcc-slack-bot - _Les Cast Codeurs podcast_ bot

A slack bot that automates show notes creation for _Les Cast Codeurs podcast_.

## Use it !

This bot is using the [Socket Mode](https://api.slack.com/apis/connections/socket) and can be set up
without much hassle.

First you need to create a [Slack app](https://api.slack.com/start) and install it in your workspace :

1. go to [https://api.slack.com/apps](https://api.slack.com/apps),
2. create a new Slack app using this [manifest.yml](/src/main/slack/manifest.yml),
3. optionally set an app icon in _Settings > Basic Information_,
4. create an _app-level token_ with the scope `connections:write` in _Settings > Basic Information_ and save it for
   later (it will be referred as `SLACK_APP_TOKEN`),
5. install the app using the _Install to worspace_ button in _Settings > Basic Information_,
6. save the _Bot User OAuth Token_ for later in _Features > OAuth & Permissions_ (it will be referred
   as `SLACK_BOT_TOKEN`).

Then you need to create a GitHub [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
and a _publication_ repository (a repository where the show notes will be published) :

1. go to [https://github.com/settings/tokens/new](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new),
2. create a new personal access token with the scope `repo` and save it for later (it will be referred as `GITHUB_TOKEN`),
3. create, if needed, a new _publication_ repository and keep its coordinates (it will be referred as `GITHUB_REPOSITORY`).

Finally, you can start the bot using the following commands (from the project root directory) :

```shell
quarkus build

export GITHUB_TOKEN='ghp_XXX'
export GITHUB_REPOSITORY='lescastcodeurs/staging-lescastcodeurs.com'
export SLACK_APP_TOKEN='xapp-XXX'
export SLACK_BOT_TOKEN='xoxb-XXX'
java -jar build/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar
```

Once the bot is started, you can mention it in your messages : `@lcc Help me please !`.
